China admits Kashmir dispute 'hinders' Pak project, still won't 'appease' India  Chinese media report said that it shouldn't 'appease' India to prevent it from playing 'little tricks'  Chinese media report said that it shouldn't 'appease' India to prevent it from playing 'little tricks'  Admitting perhaps for the first time that dispute "does hinder" the $46 billion China- Economic Corridor project, a state media report here on Friday said that this does not mean should "appease" to prevent it from playing "little tricks".    "The dispute over between and does hinder China's efforts in pushing the (China- Economic Corridor) forward, but this does not mean should 'appease India' to prevent the country from playing little tricks," said the article in the Global Times - part of the People's Daily group of the ruling of China.    It said " should be aware that its ambition of becoming a great power won't be realised if it contributes little to promoting regional integration and regional economic development."    The article was in response to a piece by US-based analyst Panos Mourdoukoutas in Forbes magazine yesterday criticising over the ambitious project. The Forbes piece has said that has done "very little to appease India."    The daily has regularly carried articles critical to for the past few months. Today's was, however, a rare admission that the dispute hinders the CPEC project, which runs through the Pakistan-occupied (PoK).    has expressed reservations over the project that links western to Gwadar Port in the restive Balochistan province in southern Pakistan. The project gives easy access for trade to Central Asian states and European markets.    has defended the project, saying it is a commercial project aimed at improving people's lives.    In the Forbes piece, Mourdoukoutas said that " should make peace with for forget about the project".    He said desperately needs CPEC. It's part of China's vision "to write the rules of the next stage of globalisation" and help its export and investment engines grow for years.    "So far, has done very little to appease India. In fact, it has done quite the opposite: repeatedly blocking India's efforts to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group," he said.    "And things could turn worse, if pro-Indian forces in sabotage China's CPEC route. That raises the possibility of an open confrontation between and on the one side, and and its allies on the other," he said.    Countering Mourdoukoutas, the Chinese media article said, "India's strategic suspicions toward China's rising presence in South Asia may hobble its ambition to be a great power, even though some observers think otherwise."    The CPEC "does not target India, and we believe that China's efforts to improve infrastructure in have no intention of supporting the country's dispute with India," it said.    It said has made efforts to boost regional economic integration with Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal and Myanmar.    "However, as a strategic location connecting East Asia, Southeast Asia and Central Asia, India's poor infrastructure is a challenge for Asian nations to become interconnected. Although has offered an olive branch to to help upgrade its infrastructure facilities, it seems that is reluctant to participate in the initiative. Additionally, New Delhi's suspicions toward have left the country vigilant as strengthens ties with India's neighbours," it said.    "Some neighbouring countries have not benefited significantly from India's rapid economic growth. This will hamper New Delhi in improving its regional influence," it said.    "However, cannot hinder China's efforts in promoting regional integration. Additionally, Asian countries like keep a positive attitude toward Chinese efforts to improve infrastructure in the region."    "If still holds suspicions toward and excludes itself from the moves of promoting regional integration, the country will perhaps end up simply watching China's influence among its neighbouring countries rise," it claimed.  Press Trust of India

