Around one lakh employees representing a majority of the cooperative across the country are expected to protest against the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) decision restricting majority of the cooperative from dealing with the Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes which has been demonetised last week. The employees might look at various options including strike to protest, according to union leaders.  Total deposits of all the cooperative in the country would be around Rs 10 lakh crore, said P Balakrishnan, general secretary, All India Co-operative Bank Employees Federation.  A meeting of the Federation held in has decided to conduct protests in bank premises across the country, alleging that the operations has already came to a standstill and it is going to affect the distribution of essential commodities through Public Distribution System (PDS) since they have run out of cash.  These institutions, which are responsible to procure commodities for PDS, said that they did not receive any money from the Central Co-operative and they are not able to meet their customer requirements also. Almost 60% of the population depends on the for supply of essential commodities and this is expected to hit because of the lack of notes for transaction, he added.  Of all cooperative banks, only urban cooperative and the state cooperative has been allowed to exchange the old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes while others including the industrial and primary agricultural cooperative has been ignored when it comes to the demonetisation move, alleged Balakrishnan.  "This is murder of all the cooperative by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) itself. Against this action of RBI, the cooperative bank employees will go for a demonstration on November 18 in the bank premises. Other methods of agitation will follow," he said.  The total deposits of all the cooperative is more than Rs 10 lakh crore, including Central Cooperative which has a deposit of over Rs 3.5 lakh crore and Urban Cooperative (Rs 4 lakh crore), primary cooperative and agricultural bank etc.  In Tamil Nadu, the cooperative has been providing more than Rs 2.60 lakh crore by way of advances. There are around 16,000 employees including the primary agricultural cooperative in the State, he added.

