Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the largest information technology (IT) service provider in the country, decided in its board meeting on Thursday, to call an extraordinary board meeting (EGM) on December 13 to oust its former chairman, Cyrus Mistry, as director. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the largest information technology (IT) service provider in the country, decided in its board meeting on Thursday, to call an extraordinary board meeting (EGM) on December 13 to oust its former chairman, Cyrus Mistry, as director.  In a statement, the company said: “It has been decided to convene an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) pursuant to the special notice and requisition dated November 9 sent by Limited… and if thought fit, to pass a resolution for removal of Mr C P Mistry as director.”  On November 10, Mistry was ousted as the chairman by Tata Sons, which holds a majority stake in the company. On Thursday, for the first time, the board of and met to decide the date for an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) to seek his removal as director. Mistry chose to give the meeting a miss.  He holds about 4.1 million shares of the company in a personal capacity.  Mistry and Interim Chairman Ratan Tata are embroiled in a boardroom battle since October 24, when the former was ousted unceremoniously as chairman.  The move to remove Mistry from also came as a surprise, as the company received a letter from on November 9, nominating Ishaat Hussain as the interim chairman.  could take this drastic measure in case of as it holds 73.33%. It also used the Article 90 of the Articles of Association (“AOA”) of the company to remove Mistry.  In a statement, had said: “Article 90 empowers Limited to nominate the chairman of the board of directors, so long as Tata Sons, along with its associates, holds at least 26% of the paid-up equity share capital of the company. In exercise of the powers under Article 90, Limited… has nominated Ishaat Hussain as the chairman… The provisions of the AOA are binding.”  Among the several disagreements between Tata and Mistry, sources have claimed, that selling TCS’ five% stake was also a bone of contention.  has been a cash cow for the group’s bold and sometimes loss-making foreign acquisitions. Despite huge dividend outflows to the group, sits on $4.8-billion cash and short-term investments, which many have been wondering why the company is not using to acquire assets globally that can bring new capabilities to the company.  So far, the management, N Chandrasekaran, chief executive officer and managing director, has stated while open for mergers and acquisitions, it can also very well build new businesses.  Why matters  * has been the largest contributor to the dividends that the trust receives  * and Tata Motors account for 70% of Tata Son’s income from investments  * has never required to depend on the group for investments  * If dividends from are excluded, dividends from other 40 companies declined to Rs 780cr in FY16  * has managed to hold its ground despite competition from Infosys, Cognizant and MNCs.

