Business Standard brings to you a list of five key developments across the country.    continues to stall Parliament  ALSO READ: stand-off continues in Parliament  ALSO READ: Tata Trusts get I-T notice for tax avoidance  ALSO READ: Supreme court: Situation serious, may lead to riots  ALSO READ: Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn  The stand-off on the way had been handled persisted on Friday. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) demanded that Opposition leader Ghulam Nabi Azad apologise to the nation for equating people dying in Uri as a result of Pakistan’s attacks with those who had died as a result of the stress brought on by the need to exchange currency notes. The Congress refused to apologise and rallied behind Azad. It also joined the rest of the Opposition in demanding that Prime Minister Narendra Modi come to the House to reply.Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) on Friday said banks on Saturday will not exchange old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes with the new ones to perform other banking related duties, which have been on hold since November 8. Senior citizens would be exempted from this restriction. However, a customer can still withdraw and deposit money at the counters. A customer can withdraw up to Rs 24,000 in a window of seven days, starting from the first day of withdrawal.The Income Tax (I-T) department has summoned top officials of the Tata Trusts to explain the misuse of tax exemption granted to the trusts for charitable purposes. The Tata Trust officials, who were summoned on Friday, sought more time and are expected to meet tax officials next week.The Supreme Court on Friday refused to stop high courts from entertaining petitions challenging the Centre’s notification saying that people were seriously affected and doors of courts cannot be shut in a situation which “may lead to riots”.World’s largest forging company Bharat Forge, group company from Kalyani Group on Friday announced the of US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for a value of $14 million. The highlights the need for the company to diversify its portfolio in the US. This proposed is focused establishing its manufacturing footprint in North America and on increasing product offering into the passenger Car and Commercial Vehicle segments as well into industrial sectors such as Construction & Mining and allied industries. This will also enable them to expand their presence in North America.

