Two Chinese returned to Earth safely on Friday after completing China's longest-ever manned mission as the country firmed up its plans to establish its permanent station by 2022.  Zhang Youxia, commander-in-chief of China's manned programme, announced that the Shenzhou-11 mission, which lasted over a month, was a "complete success".  The re-entry module of Shenzhou-11 landed safely at the expected site in central Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region at about 1:59 pm Time, Aerospace Control Centre (BACC) said.  The ground search team reached the landing site immediately, and Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong opened the capsule's hatch by themselves.  The two were reported by the ground team to be in good condition.  They and the re-entry module will later be transferred to Beijing, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.  Shenzhou-11 was China's sixth manned spacecraft, and also the country's longest mission to date. After its launch on October 17, the spacecraft docked two days later with China's first lab, Tiangong-2, where the two lived for 30 days.  The mission transported personnel and materials between Earth and Tiangong-2, and tested meeting, docking and return processes.  It conducted aerospace medical experiments, science experiments and in-orbit maintenance.  The rigorous testing helps to firm up its plans to establish its permanent station by 2022. By the time it will be the only country to have such a facility in service as the current in-service Station (ISS) retires by 2024.  The two also conducted three experiments designed by middle school students from the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, including raising silkworms in space.  It was the third mission for 50-year-old veteran Jing Haipeng, the commander of the crew, who also participated in the Shenzhou-7 and Shenzhou-9 missions.  It was the first mission for Chen Dong, 38.  The mission is a key step toward China's aim of building a permanent manned station.  The core module of China's station is expected to be launched around 2018, and the station will enter into full service around 2022, with an initial designed life of at least 10 years.  It will accommodate three to six astronauts, who will stay in up to one year.  Tiangong-2 will remain operative in orbit following Shenzhou-11's return to Earth and will wait to dock with Tianzhou-1, China's first cargo spacecraft.  Tianzhou-1 will be launched in April 2017 to verify refuelling technology, a key for any station.

