The latest images from space based satellites including the ongoing Voyager mission are returning some very strange data at the moment.  Scientists already are familiar with super massive Black Holes, however there appears a newer far more malevolent phenomena lurking at the fringe of the data horizons.  "Data is still murky as it appears resistant to observation, and when we do get a clear picture it seems to have an automatic defense mechanism that spews forth some outrageous smoke and mirrors", scientists noted.  When asked was this a variation of the super massive black holes found usually at the centre of a galaxy, they did not initially think so, as it wasn't positionally stable like the others but looked more like a wandering rogue that targeted vulnerable galaxies and sucked them into what appears to be an infinitely regressive vacuum.  Mathematicians are also puzzled, "the numbers don't stack up" they muse, "it looks like it is a big as a galaxy but upon closer observation is actually really tiny and practically irrelevant compared to the forces of the macro-cosmos". "Its the same everytime, after we account for the reduction in data quality from penetrating all the smoke and mirrors we come up empty, it is very similar to an onion that promises more with each layer shedded but finally it just comes up in a regressive vacuum", a CERN spokesperson announced.  When the quantum physicists were queried they noted it had the none of known sub-atomic attributes like quark spin, quantum coalescence etc. With such a weird profile scientists are struggling to find a correlational matrix within Quantum Gravity or current string theories. "We tried to get just a low level data surety of Sigma 1.5 correlation with any known particle within all the wave fields known down to Planck length but to no avail", another CERN spokesperson noted.  Scientists are therefore left with no conjuncting logic to anything known and have declared it  "The Most Alien Thing in the Universe".  Scientists have put out an alert to any space craft in the near vicinity that the risks of getting sucked into a destructive tragedy are extremely high, spaceship commanders are advised to give it a wide berth and hope it doesn't radically alter course towards you, as it will suck you into an infinitely regressive vacuum.  Some alarmists have raised the spectre of the Trumphole targeting CERNs Large Haldron Collider as it is a source of infinite acceleration and could be mis-used in socio-political affairs by creating such a whirlwind of inflated expectations that the entire planet might get sucked in, once civilisation had reached the event horizon. They claimed it could even be the end of civilisation as we know it. To backup their claims they quoted the recent story from the Diablo Monthly that claimed Trumpholes were the harbinger of Satans return.  Whilst scientists have scoffed at these infantile conspiracy theorists they did note some alarming similarities.

