When you're not in the mainstream media, you have to look for oddball and off-the-chain sorts of stories to write about. And that's exactly what writer Bryan Menegus and photographer Robert Benson did when they wrote an expose', coupled with a collage of very compelling photos, about a sex-doll factory in California - the RealDoll shop in San Marcos.  Bryan Menegus's article appeared on Sploid on leap day. The photos are haunting and even ghastly. But they show the insidious manufacture of these "sex dolls" from start to finish. Seeing the necks of these dolls hanging from chains from the sex-doll factory's ceiling is macabre. Couldn't something be used to hold the dolls up like pretty pink ribbons? Or maybe, white and black bow ties? Why are big-linked silver chains used? They look like the kinds of chains used by inner-city street gangs to tie up their fighting pit dogs in the back of the gangs' crack and whore houses.  I'm not maligning Bryan Menegus as a writer or disparaging his work. Ditto for photographer Robert Benson. Holy smokes, if these two news hounds build portfolios of such grisly and off-the-beaten-track articles, they may find themselves with full-time gigs at The New York Times or The Wall Street Journal someday. Articles like Sploid's leap-day offering of "Go Deep Within a Sex Doll Factory" are just the sort of sensationalist reporting that keeps readers of print journalism reading from story's start to end. And that's exactly what editors and publishers want in a day and age of tweeting, texting, and the decline of mature informative reading.  The paragraphs are short and sweet, there aren't many of them, and the pictures are large, dreadful, and just depraved enough to pull a reader into the story. It's sort of like picking up a garbage can lid and looking into it, then putting it down and saying, Did I really see that in there? Then opening the top up again and taking a peak.  Meantime, other photos of the collage - like the heads and faces of the sex dolls lying on the factory floor, with buckets of who-knows-what? lying around, makes me never want to have sex again, even with a real, rootin'-tootin', breathing, urinating, and carbon-infested homo-sapient girlfriend. Yikes! This sort of stuff makes you wonder, are we creating an army of sociopaths who delight in objectifying women? Who in the hell would want to become intimate with such a sex doll, even after the fucking thing is assembled, packaged, or perhaps, taking up space on the sales floor? And knowing these things retail for $6,500 makes for even more big purple and green question marks and even more hysterically waving red flags.  Sex, sex, sex. Is it really that important? In a day and age when the Internet is driven by every form of pornography, and with sex addicts abounding like in no other day and age, are we pouring gasoline on the fire by allowing for such perversions to proliferate? An abstract of an article published in the Psychology of Women Quarterly states that "...objectification theory posits that girls and women are typically acculturated to internalize an observer's perspective as a primary view of their physical selves. This perspective on self can lead to habitual body monitoring, which, in turn, can increase women's opportunities for shame and anxiety, reduce opportunities for peak motivational states, and diminish awareness of internal bodily states. Accumulations of such experiences may help account for an array of mental health risks that disproportionately affect women: unipolar depression, sexual dysfunction, and eating disorders. Objectification theory also illuminates why changes in these mental health risks appear to occur in step with life-course changes in the female body."  In other words, when women are made into physical objects, nothing more than mere 'eye candy', it's emotionally harmful towards them. And I don't think there is a more disturbing nor a more depraved form of objectification of women than the manufacture, marketing, and sales of these sex dolls. If your spending is within reason, do you know how many trips you can make to the strip club with the cost of one of these sex dolls - $6.500? Wouldn't you rather see a real live prototype dancing around on stage than buy a plastic a rubber sex doll? Wouldn't you like to buy this lovely lassie a beer at the overpriced rate of $25 and talk to her about whatever for five or ten minutes? "That's your limit," the barkeep will tell you if you talk to her any longer. So make it count.  There are more modestly priced sex dolls than those sold at the RealDoll shop in San Marcos; if you fish around for them on the Internet, and they're here and probably, on other websites. It's hard not making moral commentary about such things, even for somebody whose morality has sometimes been questioned. But objectification of this nature is sort of like taking a quick trip into a hospital for the criminally insane and attempting to make some kind of rational sense of it all....  One of the strangest search and rescue articles I've read recently also had at its center a sex doll. According to a Jan. 19 HuffPost Weird News report: "A major search and rescue operation in Cornwall, England, Monday (Jan. 18) discovered that reports of a body floating in the water were blown out of proportion. The actual victim turned out to be an inflatable sex doll, SWNS reported. A fisherman phoned emergency workers to report that he had spotted a lifeless body floating face down in Newquay Bay, prompting the air and sea search, the agency noted. About 90 minutes later, a helicopter crew spotted the doll in the middle of the bay, SWNS wrote. The faux female wore a New York T-shirt and polka-dot pants. The sex toy's giant red lips were unsmudged by the salt water. Despite the unexpected find, a rescue official pointed out that the fisherman took the right course of action in calling, the BBC noted. - Very strange indeed. The person who did this to this inanimate object should be hunted down and investigated. Then interviewed in a hard-boiled and let's knock heads around manner. Maybe the next time, it won't be a sex doll in the water. This was the work of a true psycho. A modern-day Jack the Ripper.  On a lighter note, everyone from rock stars to comedians have made fun of sex dolls. A company named Bondara has even added fuel to the fire by making and marketing sex dolls of high-profile politicians like David Cameron and Ed Milliband. And all this just is more spit and venom - complete vitriol - for anyone who actually owns one of these things.  There's nothing like the real thing, after all, even if she's sometimes a nagging and spiteful bitch. Admit it now, most of the time she's the sweetest thing in the world. Right? Who in the hell wants to lie next to something that looks like one of Bill Cosby's poor victims? So if you really, really need it and need it badly, go to I Want To Get Fucked Right Now Dot Com and open an account. Go ahead, do it. You can spend that $6,500 on your account membership fees and wowing her with dinners, jewelry and a trip to Cancun and maybe even to Bermuda. Believe me, you'll get what you want if you spend that kind of money on her. And she'll take you places that one of those sex dolls couldn't possibly go to....

