The Will and Last Testament of Donald Trump's grandfather, Frederick C. Trump, has been discovered and is a major factor in this year's presidential election. According to the Will, located in the execute suite of the abandoned Trump Mahal casino in Atlantic City by Amiko Aventurista, Frederick C. Trump bequeathed millions of dollars to organizations behind the effort to amend the U.S. Constitution to grant women equal voting rights. At the time of Frederick Trump's death in 1918, women were prohibited from voting.  The Will and related personal papers show Frederick Trump was the single largest benefactor of the women's movement and the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. The 19th Amendment granted equal voting rights to women. From behind the scenes, Frederick Trump funneled millions to women's rights organizations during the epic struggle for equal voting rights and women's rights in general. Frederick Trump's donation were immense and continue to fund women's rights groups even today.  Frederick Trump's appears to have been far sighted; perhaps even at the expense of the grandson he never knew. According to the Will, Frederick Trump, established a foundation (Keep America Great) for the sole purpose of securing equal voting rights for women to prevent a lunatic from ascending to the presidency. His Will reads as follows:  I Frederick C. Trump a German immigrant and of sound mind, do hereby leave $180,777,123.99, to the National Organization of Women (NOW). The money shall to be used exclusively to support the effort to amend the U.S. Constitution in order to enshrine equal voting rights and protection for women. If voting rights are granted, remaining funds shall be used to promote and defend all the other rights women are currently denied or maybe denied in the future. Funds may also be used to sue men who grope women, degrade women or otherwise sexually harass women.  I am motivated by love of my adopted home--USA. As an immigrant, I am convinced the best way to protect democracy is to empower women with voting rights and promote their equality. If women vote and have equal power, the U.S. will never fall into the hands of a wahnsinnige (maniac in German). I don't believe women will vote in mass for a wahnsinige because women have more sense and will not vote for a dummkopk (dummy).  I am particularly worried about a future, say 100 years from now, where a charismatic candidate campaigns for president on a platform of fear, xenophobia, and "loving the poorly educated" as they are more likely to fall for a con man. If there is such a candidate, he may also be a sexual predator. My Keep America Great Foundation is the best way to prevent this now and in the future.  NOW President, Terry O'Neil confirmed Frederick C. Trump was the financial muscle behind the 19th Amendment and women' voting rights in general and his Foundation remains a powerful force. "It's true. Old Freddy gave us a boat load of money. His Foundation provides all our funding even today. We use his money to hire Gloria Aldred in all sexual harassment cases. We use it to support women candidates, even Hilary."  Trump was unavailable for comment, but did send out a tweet, "First it was our African born Muslim President, then low-energy Jeb, then little Marco, then the Mexican judge, then Pocahontas Elizabeth, then fat Rosie, then Bloody Megan, then lying Ted, then fat beauty queens, then crooked Hilary, and now sauerkraut Freddy. This proves I know how to unite people and by doing so can make American Great Again."

